st.button - Streamlit Docs

Search

Get started

Develop

Deploy

Knowledge base

Display a button widget.

st.button(label, key=None, help=None, on_click=None, args=None, kwargs=None, *, type="secondary", icon=None, icon_position="left", disabled=False, use_container_width=None, width="content", shortcut=None)

label(str)

A short label explaining to the user what this button is for.
The label can optionally contain GitHub-flavored Markdown of the
following types: Bold, Italics, Strikethroughs, Inline Code, Links,
and Images. Images display like icons, with a max height equal to
the font height.

Unsupported Markdown elements are unwrapped so only their children
(text contents) render. Common block-level Markdown (headings,
lists, blockquotes) is automatically escaped and displays as
literal text in labels.

See thebodyparameter ofst.markdownfor additional,
supported Markdown directives.

key(str, int, or None)

An optional string or integer to use as the unique key for
the widget. If this isNone(default), a key will be
generated for the widget based on the values of the other
parameters. No two widgets may have the same key. Assigning
a key stabilizes the widget's identity and preserves its
state across reruns even when other parameters change.

A key lets you access the widget's value viast.session_state[key](read-only). For more details, seeWidget behavior.

Additionally, ifkeyis provided, it will be used as a
CSS class name prefixed withst-key-.

help(str or None)

A tooltip that gets displayed when the button is hovered over. If
this isNone(default), no tooltip is displayed.

The tooltip can optionally contain GitHub-flavored Markdown,
including the Markdown directives described in thebodyparameter ofst.markdown.

on_click(callable)

An optional callback invoked when this button is clicked.

args(list or tuple)

An optional list or tuple of args to pass to the callback.

kwargs(dict)

An optional dict of kwargs to pass to the callback.

type("primary", "secondary", or "tertiary")

An optional string that specifies the button type. This can be one
of the following:

icon(str or None)

An optional emoji or icon to display next to the button label. IficonisNone(default), no icon is displayed. Ificonis a
string, the following options are valid:

A single-character emoji. For example, you can seticon="🚨"oricon="🔥". Emoji short codes are not supported.

An icon from the Material Symbols library (rounded style) in the
format":material/icon_name:"where "icon_name" is the name
of the icon in snake case.

For example,icon=":material/thumb_up:"will display the
Thumb Up icon. Find additional icons in theMaterial Symbolsfont library.

"spinner": Displays a spinner as an icon.

icon_position("left" or "right")

The position of the icon relative to the button label. This
defaults to"left".

disabled(bool)

An optional boolean that disables the button if set toTrue.
The default isFalse.

use_container_width(bool)

use_container_widthis deprecated and will be removed in a
future release. Foruse_container_width=True, usewidth="stretch". Foruse_container_width=False, usewidth="content".

Whether to expand the button's width to fill its parent container.
Ifuse_container_widthisFalse(default), Streamlit sizes
the button to fit its contents. Ifuse_container_widthisTrue, the width of the button matches its parent container.

In both cases, if the contents of the button are wider than the
parent container, the contents will line wrap.

width("content", "stretch", or int)

The width of the button. This can be one of the following:

shortcut(str or None)

An optional keyboard shortcut that triggers the button. This can be
one of the following strings:

Important

The keys"C"and"R"are reserved and can't be used,
even with modifiers. Punctuation keys like"."and","aren't currently supported. Some combinations such as"Ctrl+T","Ctrl+W","Ctrl+PageUp","Ctrl+PageDown", and"F11"are reserved by the browser
or operating system and may never reach Streamlit.

The following special keys are supported: Backspace, Delete, Down,
End, Enter, Esc, Home, Left, PageDown, PageUp, Right, Space, Tab,
and Up.

The following modifiers are supported: Alt, Ctrl, Cmd, Meta, Mod,
Option, Shift.

(bool)

True if the button was clicked on the last run of the app,
False otherwise.

Example 1: Customize your button type

Example 2: Add icons to your button

Although you can add icons to your buttons through Markdown, theiconparameter is a convenient and consistent alternative.

Example 3: Use keyboard shortcuts

The following example shows how to use keyboard shortcuts to trigger a
button. If you use any of the platform-dependent modifiers (Ctrl, Cmd,
or Mod), they are interpreted interchangeably and always displayed to
the user to match their platform.

Although a button is the simplest of input widgets, it's very common for buttons to be deeply tied to the use ofst.session_state. Check out our advanced guide onButton behavior and examples.

Check out our video on how to use one of Streamlit's core functions, the button!

In the video below, we'll take it a step further and learn how to combine abutton,checkboxandradio button!

Ourforumsare full of helpful information and Streamlit experts.